Liu Jing
What Liu Jing
Mom, I remember now.
Today in the hotel room
Except for this wild girl
And a waitress.
He even begged me to spare this wild girl
And I slapped him.
Kicked him twice, that's him
Cousin wait a minute
What's the matter, cousin?
Su Qingyi can be Li Hongyi
But Li Hongyi is not necessarily Su Qingyi.
Li Hongyi's identity
Now only the two of us know
Cousin, you saw it just now
15 years later
Even if Mr. Zhou and Li Hongyi met
Their mother and daughter are also strangers
Mr. Zhou couldn't recognize Li Hongyi
Li Hongyi couldn't recognize Mr. Zhou either
Cousin, don't you think
Is this a big opportunity for us?
What are you going to say?
So here's what I'm saying.
Su Qingyi can be Li Heyi
It could be someone else.
For example
Sister Liu, are you crazy?
I'm not crazy. I'm more awake than ever.
Cousin, think about it
If you tell Mr. Zhou your identity
What benefits does Mr. Zhou have for you?
1 million 3 million
Or 5 million
What if I become Miss Su?
Mr. Zhou and Master Su
All the guilt towards Miss Tsing Yi
It's all on me
By that time
How much do you want?
What do you want?
I can satisfy you.
No.
No, it's too dangerous.
In case of being discovered by Mr. Zhou and Young Master Su
What are the consequences?
Understand and rest assured
There is Li Hongyi, the real Miss Tsing Yi
I can learn from him
Get everything to prove your identity
Mr. Zhou and Master Su will not find out
Never will
That's him!
That's him. That's my sister.
I told you
You wild girl
How could it be my sister Su Jinhui?
Ah!